<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
    JBoss, Home of Professional Open Source
    Copyright 2013, Red Hat, Inc. and/or its affiliates, and individual
    contributors by the @authors tag. See the copyright.txt in the
    distribution for a full listing of individual contributors.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
-->
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	template="/WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="content">

		<div class="container" style="margin-top: 40px">
			<div class="row">
				<div class="col-sm-12 col-centered page-header">
					<h1>
						Kancelaria Radcy Prawnego <small>Imię Nazwisko</small>
					</h1>
				</div>
			</div>

			<div class="panel panel-default">
				<div class="panel-heading text-center">Informacje o kancelarii
				</div>
				<div class="panel-body text-center">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,
					consectetur adipiscing elit. Integer fringilla vitae tortor et
					ultricies. Sed eget felis euismod, scelerisque dui nec, eleifend
					justo. Curabitur pellentesque metus vel ultrices tincidunt. Mauris
					imperdiet ante a volutpat congue. Nullam rutrum aliquet commodo.
					Nulla vitae mi ut neque hendrerit faucibus. Cras erat lorem,
					ullamcorper ut odio sed, mattis ultrices quam. Morbi porttitor,
					ipsum non ullamcorper blandit, magna justo pretium felis, a mattis
					tortor purus viverra urna. Mauris odio felis, ullamcorper id cursus
					non, gravida eget lectus. Sed sagittis a erat vel venenatis.
					<br />
					Vestibulum sit amet molestie diam. Mauris scelerisque, nunc at
					placerat eleifend, urna tellus sagittis nisl, sit amet rutrum
					tellus metus ac ex. In sit amet ipsum a odio pretium fringilla et
					nec mi. In maximus mollis eleifend. Duis convallis, quam eget
					semper consequat, nisi orci placerat magna, sed aliquet risus lorem
					vel purus. Nulla vehicula nulla id vulputate pellentesque. Nulla
					pretium nulla sit amet elit ullamcorper imperdiet. Aenean accumsan
					vestibulum consequat.
				</div>
			</div>

		</div>

		<h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery.js" />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>